At Rarity Dental Care Centre in Delhi, we are committed to providing our patients with the best possible dental care using the latest advancements in dental technology. One such revolutionary technology is the 3D CBCT Scan, a cutting-edge imaging technique that offers unparalleled precision and clarity in dental diagnostics and treatment planning.
What is a 3D CBCT Scan?
A 3D CBCT (Cone Beam Computed Tomography) scan is a specialised type of dental CT scan that creates detailed 3D images of your teeth, soft tissues, nerve pathways, and bone. Unlike traditional dental X-rays, a 3D CBCT scan provides a comprehensive view of your oral and maxillofacial region, allowing for more accurate diagnoses and treatment plans.
Why Choose a 3D CBCT Scan?
Precision and Accuracy: The 3D CBCT scan offers a high level of accuracy, which is crucial for procedures like dental implants, root canal treatments, and orthodontics. It provides clear and precise images that help in identifying the exact location and condition of teeth and surrounding structures.
Comprehensive View: Unlike traditional 2D X-rays, the 3D CBCT scan provides a complete and detailed view of the entire oral and maxillofacial region. This comprehensive view is essential for detecting complex dental issues that might be missed with standard X-rays.
Efficient and Quick: The 3D CBCT scan is a quick procedure that takes only a few minutes. The images are available immediately, allowing for faster diagnosis and treatment planning.
Better Treatment Outcomes: With the detailed and accurate images provided by the 3D CBCT scan, dental professionals can plan and execute treatments with greater precision, leading to better and more predictable outcomes.
Reduced Radiation Exposure: Although any CT scan involves exposure to radiation, the 3D CBCT scan uses a lower dose compared to traditional CT scans, making it a safer option for patients.
Why Rarity Dental Care Centre?
International Expertise: Our team of top dental surgeons is trained in the United States and the United Kingdom, bringing global expertise to our practice.
Advanced Technology: We use state-of-the-art 3D CBCT scan machines to ensure the highest standards of dental care.
Comprehensive Care: From cone beam CT in endodontics to dental abscess CT scans, our range of dental CT scan services ensures comprehensive dental diagnostics and treatment.
Why You Shouldn’t Delay Treatment
Delaying dental treatment can lead to worsening conditions, increased discomfort, and higher costs in the long run. Utilising advanced 3D CBCT scan technology allows us to detect and address dental issues early, ensuring optimal oral health and preventing complications.
FAQs
What is a dental CT scan? A dental CT scan is an imaging procedure that provides detailed 3D images of the teeth, jaw, and surrounding structures.
How much does a cone beam CT scan cost? The cost can vary depending on the specific requirements, but investing in a 3D CBCT scan ensures accurate diagnostics and effective treatment planning.
What are the benefits of a 3D CBCT scan over traditional X-rays? A 3D CBCT scan offers more detailed and accurate images, a comprehensive view of the oral region, and reduced radiation exposure compared to traditional X-rays.
Is the cone beam CT scan safe? Yes, the cone beam CT scan uses a lower dose of radiation compared to traditional CT scans, making it a safer option for patients.
How long does a 3D CBCT scan take? The procedure is quick and typically takes only a few minutes, with images available immediately for review.
Conclusion
Choosing Rarity Dental Care Centre in Delhi for your dental needs means opting for cutting-edge technology, internationally trained experts, and a commitment to your oral health. Experience the benefits of our 3D CBCT scan and book your appointment today to start your journey towards a healthier, brighter smile.

VideoURL

For further assistance or to book an appointment, please visit our website or contact us directly.

Metadata:
Meta Title: "Advanced 3D CBCT Scan Technology at Rarity Dental Care Centre in Delhi"
Meta Description: "Discover the benefits of 3D CBCT scans at Rarity Dental Care Centre, Delhi. Our cutting-edge technology ensures precise and efficient dental diagnostics for optimal treatment outcomes. Book your appointment today!"
Open Graph:
OG Title: Advanced 3D CBCT Scan Technology at Rarity Dental Care Centre
OG Description: Learn how Rarity Dental Care Centre in Delhi uses advanced 3D CBCT scan technology for accurate and efficient dental diagnostics and treatments.
OG URL: https://www.raritydental.com/advanced-technology/3D-CBCT-Scans
OG Image: URL of the image showcasing the 3D CBCT scan machine
Schema:
{
  "@context": "http://schema.org",
  "@type": "MedicalClinic",
  "name": "Rarity Dental Care Centre",
  "url": "https://www.raritydental.com/advanced-technology/3D-CBCT-Scans",
  "logo": "URL of logo",
  "image": "URL of image showcasing 3D CBCT scan machine",
  "description": "Discover the benefits of 3D CBCT scans at Rarity Dental Care Centre, Delhi. Our cutting-edge technology ensures precise and efficient dental diagnostics for optimal treatment outcomes. Book your appointment today!",
  "address": {
    "@type": "PostalAddress",
    "streetAddress": "Your Street Address",
    "addressLocality": "Delhi",
    "addressRegion": "DL",
    "postalCode": "110001",
    "addressCountry": "IN"
  },
  "contactPoint": {
    "@type": "ContactPoint",
    "telephone": "+91-78994 18483",
    "contactType": "Customer Service"
  },
  "sameAs": [
    "Your social media URLs"
  ]
}


